Here's my code for the rollback.
I'll start at the very top and work my way down.
In my configuration, I'm using a command because I want
to reuse this to destroy environment over and over.
There may be several jobs that need to be able to
destroy an environment as a result of some failure somewhere.
I'm defining my command here by using this destroy environment name.
I could have chosen any name at all,
but I decided destroy environment was most descriptive in this case.
It has its own steps,
which only has one,
where we run the CloudFormation delete
stack command to delete a stack that we have already created.
This is just going to keep the cost down.
Then in my job section,
I have a smoke test job.
This is one example of a job that might fail and then cause me to want to revert,
or roll something back, or delete a stack.
So my smoke test has just a regular Docker image.
It could have been almost anything because in this case,
after I check out,
I'm actually going to run a simulate error step.
So when I return one non-zero,
I'm simulating the error to cause the job to fail.
When this step right here fails,
then it will actually notice this one.
Now, you see when I highlight this,
it highlights this up here.
It's because this is referencing the command that's up here.
I'm using when on fail right here,
so that this step,
this command, only executes when some step in the job has failed before this one.
This is something that I can use over and over again in all of
my deployment jobs where I may need to destroy the environment or rollback.